










Getting Better
It's getting better all the time

I used to get mad in my school (No, I can't complain)
The teachers that taught me weren't cool  (No, I can't complain)
Holding me down, turning me round,
Filling me up with your rules

I've got to admit it's getting better,
A little better all the time (can't get no worse)
To admit it's getting better,
It's getting better since you've been mine.

Me used to be angry young man
Me hiding me head in the sand
You gave me the word I finally heard
I'm doing the best that I can.

To admit it's getting better,
A little better all the time
To admit it's getting better,
It's getting better since you've been mine.

Getting so much better all the time
It's getting better all the time
Better, better, better,
It's getting better all the time.
Better, better, better

I used to be cruel to my woman
I beat her and kept her apart from the things that she loved
Man I was mean but I'm changing my scene
And I'm doing the best that I can.

I admit it's getting better,
A little better all the time (can't get no worse)
Yes, I admit it's getting better,
It's getting better since you've been mine.

Getting so much better all the time
It's getting better all the time
Better, better, better,
It's getting better all the time.

Better, better, better,
Getting so much better all the time.




Fixing A Hole
I'm fixing a hole where the rain gets in
And stops my mind from wandering
Where it will go

I'm filling the cracks that ran through the door
And kept my mind from wandering
Where it will go

And it really doesn't matter if I'm wrong
I'm right
Where I belong I'm right
Where I belong

See the people standing there who disagree and never win
And wonder why they don't get in my door

I'm painting my room in a colourful way
And when my mind is wandering
There I will go

And it really doesn't matter if I'm wrong
I'm right
Where I belong I'm right
Where I belong

Silly people run around, they worry me
And never ask me why they don't get past my door

I'm taking the time for a number of things
That weren't important yesterday
And I still go

Fixing a hole where the rain gets in
Stops my mind from wandering
Where it will go





She's Leaving Home
Wednesday morning at five o'clock as the day begins
Silently closing her bedroom door
Leaving the note that she hope would say more
She goes downstairs to the kitchen clutching her handkerchief
Quietly turning the backdoor key
Stepping outside she is free

She (We gave her most of our lives)
Is leaving (Sacrificed most of our lives)
Home (We gave her everything money could buy)
She's leaving home after living alone for so many years. Bye, bye

Father snores as his wife gets into the dressing gown
Picks up the leter that's lying there
Standing alone at the top of the stairs
She breaks down and cries to her husband
Daddy, our baby's gone
Why would she treat us so thoughtlessly
How could she do this to me

She (We never thought of ourselves)
is leaving (Never a thought for ourselves)
home (We gave her everything money could buy)
She's leaving home after living alone for so many years. Bye, bye

Friday morning at nine o'clock she is far away
Waiting to keep the appointment she made
Meeting a man from a motor trade

She (What did we do that was wrong)
Is having (We didn't know it was wrong)
Fun (Fun is the one thing that money can't buy)

Something inside that was always denied for so many years
She's leaving home, bye, bye.




Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite
For the benefit of Mr. Kite
There will be a show tonight on trampoline
The Hendersons will all be there
Late of Pablo Fanques Fair - what a scene!
Over man and horses hoops and garters
Lastly through a hogshead of real fire!
In this way Mr. K. will challenge the world!

The celebrated Mr. K.
performs his feat on Saturday at Bishopsgate
The Hendersons will dance and sing
As Mr. Kite flies through the ring - don't be late!
Messrs. K. and H. assure the public
Their production will be second to none
And of course Henry The Horse dances the waltz!

The band begins at ten to six
When Mr. K. performs his tricks without a sound
And Mr. H. will demonstrate
Ten summersets he'll undertake on solid ground
We've been some days in preparation
A splendid time is guaranteed for all
And tonight Mr. Kite is topping the bill




Within You Without You
We were talking - about the space between us all
And the people - who hide themselves behind a wall of illusion
Never glimpse the truth - then it's far too late when they pass away

We were talking - about the love we all could share
When we find it - to try our best to hold it there - with our love
With our love we could save the world - if they only knew

Try to realise it's all within yourself - no-one else can make you change
And to see you're really only very small
And life flows on within you and without you.

We were talking - about the love that's gone so cold
And the people who gain the world and lose their soul
They don't know, they can't see - are you one of them?

When you've seen beyond yourself
then you may find peace of mind is waiting there
And the time will come when you see we're all one
And life flows on within you and without you.




When I'm Sixty-Four
When I get older losing my hair,
Many years from now
Will you still be sending me the Valentine,
Birthday greetings, bottle of wine

If I'd been out till quarter to three
Wold you lock the door
Will you still need me, will you still feed me
When I'm sixty-four.

You'll be older too,
And if you say the word I could stay with you.

I could be handy mending a fuse
When your lights have gone
You can knit a sweater by the fireside
Sunday morning go for a ride

Doing a garden, digging the weeds,
Who could ask for more
Will you still need me, will you still feed me
When I'm sixty-four.

Every summer we can rent a cottage in the Isle of Wight,
if it's not too dear
We shall scrimp and save
Grandchildren on your knee
Vera, Chuck & Dave

Send me a postcard, drop me a line
Stating point of view
Indicate precisely what you mean to say
Yours sincerely, wasting away

Give me your answer, fill in a form,
Mine for evermore,
Will you still need me, will you still feed me
When I'm sixty-four.




Lovely Rita
Lovely Rita meter maid
Lovely Rita meter maid

Lovely Rita meter maid, nothing can come between us
when it gets dark I tow your heart away

Standing by a parking meter
when I caught a glimpse of Rita
Filling in the ticket in her little white book

In the cap she looked much older
And the bag across her shoulder
made her look a little like a military man

Lovely Rita meter maid, may I inquire discreetly
When you are free to take some tea with me

Took her out and tried to win her
Had a laugh and over dinner
Told her I would really like to see her again

Got the bill and Rita paid it
Took her home and nearly made it
Sitting on a sofa with a sister or two

Oh, lovely Rita meter maid, where would I be without you,
Give us a wink and make me think of you.




Good Morning, Good Morning
Nothing to do to save his life call his wife in
Nothing to say but what a day, how's your boy been
Nothing to do it's up to you,
I've got nothing to say but it's OK
Good morning, good morning

Going to work don't want to go feeling low down
Heading for home you start to roam then you're in town
Everybody knows there's nothing doing
Everything is closed it's like a ruin
Everyone you see is half asleep
And you're on your own, you're in the street
Good morning, good morning

After a while you start to smile, now you feel cool
Then you decide to take a walk by the old school
Nothing has changed, it's still the same
I've got nothing to say but it's OK.

People runing round it's five o'clock,
Everywhere in town it's getting dark,
Everyone you see is full of life,
It's time fot tea and meet the wife

Somebody needs to know the time, glad that I'm here
Watching the skirts you start to flirt now you're in gear
Go to a show you hope she goes
I've got nothing to say, but it's OK
Good morning, good morning...




Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (reprise)
We're Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
We hope you have enjoyed the show
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
We're sorry, but it's time to go

Sergeant Pepper's Lonely, Sergeant Pepper's Lonely,
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely  Sergeant Pepper's Lonely,

Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
We'd like to thank you once again
Sergeant Pepper's one and only Lonely Hearts Club Band
It's getting very near the end

Sergeant Pepper's Lonely, Sergeant Pepper's Lonely
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band




A Day In The Life
I read a news today, oh boy,
About a lucky man who made a grade,
And though the news was rather sad,
Well, I just had to laugh.
I saw the photograph.

He blew his mind out in a car,
He didn't notice that the lights have changed,
A crowd of people stood and stared,
They've seen his face before,
Nobody was really sure if he was from the House of Lords.

I saw a film today, oh boy,
The English army had just won the war,
A crowd of people turned away,
But I just had a look,
Having read a book, I'd like to turn you on...

Woke up, fell out of bed,
dragged a comb across my head,
found my way downstairs and drank a cup,
and looking up I noticed I was late.

Found my coat and grabbed my head,
made the bus in second flat,
found my way upstairs and had a smoke,
and somebody spoke and I went into a dream

I heard the news today, oh boy
four thousand holes in Blackburn Lancashire
and though the holes were rather small
they had to count them all
now they know how many holes it takes to fill the Albert Hall
I'd love to turn you on.